feat(android-mapview): improved mapview documentation and guides (#3867)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/geo/android/maps/20_display_map.mdx

| `map:map_showCompassIndicator` | Boolean | Whether the compass should be displayed or not       | `true`  |
| `map:map_showZoomControls`     | Boolean | Whether the zoom controls should be displayed or not | `false` |
| `map:map_zoomLevel`            | Integer | The initial zoom level (between 0 and 22)            | `14`    |

Example:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
    xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools"
    xmlns:map="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res-auto"
    android:layout_width="match_parent"
    android:layout_height="match_parent"
    tools:context=".MainActivity">

    <com.amplifyframework.geo.maplibre.view.AmplifyMapView
        android:id="@+id/mapView"
        android:layout_width="match_parent"
        android:layout_height="match_parent"
        map:map_zoomLevel="12"
        map:map_centerLatitude="47.6160281982247"
        map:map_centerLongitude="-122.32642111977668"
        map:map_showCompassIndicator="true"
        map:map_showZoomControls="true"
    />

</androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout>
```

> The `MapLibreView` has quite a few configuration parameters not present in their official guides yet. Check the [MapboxGLAndroidSDK/attrs.xml source](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/blob/master/platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDK/src/main/res/values/attrs.xml) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MapLibreView` has several configuration parameters that are not present in the official guides yet. For a complete list, refer to the [source xml file](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/blob/master/platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDK/src/main/res/values/attrs.xml).
```
